okay we're here at the Celtics dancers
audition I'm with Amanda Amanda you're
from Southern California you did the
audition out of Los Angeles you've come
out to Boston to become a celtics dancer
what is this process like this is your
first time auditioning for anything like
this before yes this is my first
professional audition and I think that
the process has been so much more than I
ever expected and this is only two hours
into the first morning I just think that
the process of having a big show like
this it really lets us all try and show
what we do best we all love performing
and the end of the day this is going to
be an incredible show and incredible
experience and I'm ready loving getting
to know the girls learning the routines
and just exciting being part of a big
production like this it's certainly a
big production we've been doing this now
for about five years talk about just
putting a show together in a matter of
days with you know you're meeting all
these girls for the first time you're
meeting marina the choreographer really
for the first time how does this thing
I'll come together a lot of hard work I
think that it really says something
about the caliber of girls that are here
that this is even able to happen it's
crazy we're learning all the routines
and putting everything together just
minute by minute I think that it's going
to be a lot of long hours but it'll be a
great show if everyone just comes
together and works really hard and comes
together as what hopefully will be the
team next year it's a little bit
different environment than maybe 19,000
people in an arena have you didn't let
yourself envision what that would be
like I can't even imagine I love
performing I love being in front of a
big crowd I love basketball so I just
think that if to be on the floor of the
garden would be an amazing experience I
went to a game there last year and I've
never seen a crowd like that in my life
the crowd was on their feet the whole
time so loud and being in the stands was
an incredible experience so I would be
so grateful and excited to feel the
energy from the floor I wouldn't even
know what to do I'd have to practice so
much before that well hopefully we'll
see you out there next year good luck at
Thursday night thank you
you